{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang3081{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 1. What is the need (i.e. challenge) that you will be addressing in your project\b0\par
In the current dating marketplace, many people are turning to online dating to satisfy their social needs. We will be addressing this need by creating a simple and user-friendly application to enable users to find, create and build on potential relations with other users.\par
\par
\b 2. Identify the problem you\rquote re trying to solve by building this particular marketplace App? Why is it a problem that needs solving?\par
\b0 Big problem with Dating and Meetup Sites are the propensity for abuse by users to other users that can go unpunished for long periods time. We plan to tackle this problem by providing administrative functions to special users of the application that can see information about a particular user and if they are deemed unsavoury then they can be blocked permanently by recording an IP from authentication tools and preventing future log in from that IP.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://duckduckgo.com/?q=does+devise+gem+recognise+IP&t=ffab&atb=v148-1&ia=qa&iax=qa }}{\fldrslt{https://duckduckgo.com/?q=does+devise+gem+recognise+IP&t=ffab&atb=v148-1&ia=qa&iax=qa\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b 3. Describe the project will you be conducting and how. your App will address the needs. \b0\par
geeze same as above eh\par
\b 4. Describe the network infrastructure the App may be based on.\par
\b0 In order for Heroku, our hosting provider, to manage the millions of concurrently running applications on platform it is broken up into several segments; the most important of these segments is the Routers and the Dynos. \par
When an application is deployed to Heroku, that application's code is run on a virtual machine called a 'dyno', the more dynos an applicatino has the more intsances of that application are available for the Routers to make requests. ie a high volume application would require more dynos so as to not create hangs on requests. Each one of these dynos are isolated from each other to prevent one fault to cascade to others, and represents 512MB of physical RAM. \par
Once the application is up and running, it is credited 750 dyno/hours per month which is the amount of 'free time' available for a user's application to handle requests, applications with a single dyno only is idled until use so as to allocate these dynos to other applications. After an application has been allocated a dyno it is capable to recieve requests from the Heroku Router.\par
When a user visits the application via Heroku's platform urls \i .herokuapp.com\i0  or \i heroku.com \i0 the Router will recognize the dynos associated with your application, sends the user request to the dyno and awaits a response\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/heroku-up-and/9781449341381/ch02.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/heroku-up-and/9781449341381/ch02.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b 5. Identify and describe the software to be used in your App.\b0\par
Git for version control\par
Heroku for hosting\par
Code written in Ruby on Rails\par
Gems - Materialize for design\par
\tab SimpleForm for Simple Forms\par
\tab Cloudinary for image hosting via ActiveStorage\par
\tab Image Magick for image processing\par
\tab FriendlyIds for more user friendly urls\par
\par
\b 6. Identify the database to be used in your App and provide a justification for your choice.\b0\par
For this application, we have chosen to use PostgreSQL for our database management. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The reasons for this are that PostgreSQL:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 is free and open source\tab\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Wide documentation available for support\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Over 30 years of continous improvements\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Runs on all major operating systems\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACID-compliant and coforms to 160/179 of the mandatory features \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Many powerful addons and extensions for more control over a project.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Heroku Postgres  cloud-hosting with extra features like data clips, snapshots, etc.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Pros and Cons of PostgreSQL\par
\tab Pro - Good for users new to SQL\par
\tab\tab Uses Parallel Execution of SQL statements for a faster delivery\par
\tab Con - Memory Intensive - not a problem as we won't have many connections\par
\tab\tab Installation and configuration - not a problem w/ heroku\par
\tab\tab Feature heavy, a lot to learn\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-advantages-and-disadvantages-of-PostgreSQL }}{\fldrslt{https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-advantages-and-disadvantages-of-PostgreSQL\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.postgresql.org/about/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.postgresql.org/about/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 7. Identify and describe the production database setup (i.e. postgres instance).\par
\b0 as above ?\par
\b 8. Describe the architecture of your App.\par
\b0 As this application is build in Ruby on Rails, the application follows an MVC architecture. To maintain a separation of concerns, our code and logic is encapsulated into separate and isolated segments. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 When a user visits a static page on our website, a GET request is made to our Router, this router will send that request to the appropriate controller and that controller will render the appropriate view for the site user. When a query to the database is made, eg loading a profile's picture the controller will make a request to the model that holds the information and the model makes that information available on the view to render for the user.\par
\b 9. Explain the different high-level components (abstractions) in your App.\par
\ul\b0\i I have no idea what this means. Maybe model work?\par
\ulnone\b\i0 10. Detail any third party services that your App will use.\par
\b0 This application relies on a number of third party services to function correctly. A number of these services are ruby gems, these services are: \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Materialize - This gem is responsible for compiling the Material Design language by Google to be available in the HTML & CSS, the purpose of this service is to allow for a more familiar user experience across different applications.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Simple Form - Simple form aims to create powerful form components while writing less code by being a layer on top of the HTML that we can call on instead of writing a full form layout.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}FriendlyIds - Friendly Ids creates pretty URLs and wok with human-firendly strings instead of numeric ids. Works with Active Record to integrate these strings in place of ids to make friendlyids match a value provided to them. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Dotenv - As the repository of this application will be published online, Dotenv is required to keep our sensitive passwords separate from the code\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Active Storage and Cloudinary- As our application will be recieving user attachments from uploads we will be using Active Storage to save slugs of attachements and Cloudinary to host these images on a 3rd party server\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}GitHub - For version control, we have used Git and GitHub to safely and remotely store our data between sessions.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Heroku - Our application will be using Heroku servers to host.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b 11. Describe (in general terms) the data structure of marketplace apps that are similar to your own (e.g. eBay, Airbnb).\par
\par
12. Discuss the database relations to be implemented.\par
\b0 In our application, our database relationships are as follows:\par
Each User will have 1 and only 1 Profile and each Profile can have 1 to Many attachments. \par
When two profiles message each other, a Conversations table of the two profiles is created and each message sent between these two Profiles belongs to this Converstation between two Profiles so each Profile can have many Conversations (with different Profiles) and each conversation can have many Messages. \par
\b 13. Describe your project\rquote s models in terms of the relationships (active record associations) they have with each other. \b0\par
In regards to the database relations to be implemented above, we will have a number of Models associated with the application.\par
Firstly, we will have a User Model that will handle the devise authentication and logins. This was chosen to be separate from the Profile Model as \ul\b\i\-_______________ .\ulnone\b0\i0  Once a User has created a Profile there will be a one to one relationship sharing a unique ID so \ul\b\i _____________\ulnone\b0\i0 . This Profile will have many attachments that can be recalled and viewed on a Profile show.\par
In regards to Messages and Conversations, a Conversation Model will have one sender field and reciever field(these names are arbitrary and can be used interchangably as the code will treat them both as the same when a query is done on each Profile) and many Messages\par
\b 14. Provide your database schema design.\par
\ul\i DRAW.IO DOCUMENT\par
\ulnone\i0 15. Provide User stories for your App.\par
\ul\i USER STORIES TRELLO\par
\ulnone\i0 16. Provide Wireframes for your App.\par
\ul\i ADOBE X\par
\ulnone\i0 17. Describe the way tasks are allocated and tracked in your project.\par
\par
18. Discuss how Agile methodology is being implemented in your project.\par
\par
19. Provide an overview and description of your Source control process.\par
\par
20. Provide an overview and description of your Testing process.\par
\b0\i talk about test driven development \par
\b\i0 21. Discuss and analyse requirements related to information system security.\par
\b0\i\par
\b\i0 22. Discuss methods you will use to protect information and data..\par
\par
23. Research what your legal obligations are in relation to handling user data.\b0\par
\par
}
 